# analysis-of-consumer-perception
## **INTRODUCTION**  
In today’s world there is large demand for website development for promotion of products and services. The demand for quality website is increasing the firms are looking for consumer which has led a perception in consumer’s fulfillment response. It is a judgment that a product or a service feature or the product or service itself provides pleasurable level of consumption related fulfillment. Consumer’s perception is influenced by specific product are service features and by perceptions of quality. It is also influenced by specific service attributions, and their perceptions. Gaining high levels of customer satisfaction is very much important to a business because satisfied customers are most likely to be loyal and to make repeat orders and to use a wide range of services offered by a business. Sometimes companies are misguided by the notion that customer depends on them. The truth of the matter is that we very much depend on them. Many researchers and academia have highlighted the importance of customers in today’s market. The industry of web development in India has seen a great boost in the past decade. The web world is no doubt booming at a double or triple pace and is becoming one of the major sources, which contribute in the economy of the world. Anyhow, the business people are experiencing and offering a different way of commerce in which both the business people and the customers are benefiting. The e-commerce has completely changed the scenario of the commerce sector. As per the statistics, in the last 5 years there has been more than 60% increase in the online shopping websites. The growth of the online business has given boost to the web design & development company India.           

## **Project Objective**

Objective of the Study:   To identify Perceptual factors influencing Consumers towards Website development.   To find the key parameters that consumer considers most while designing the website.   To Analyses the consumer decision making process.  Scope of the Study: The research was undertaken to gather information from the respondents, to know exactly how customers are having perception towards the VINYANA IGNITING CONSCIOUSNESS. The questionnaire was specifically framed keeping in mind all the aspects and requirements that would fulfil our objectives and give us exact picture and that would help the organization to take better decisions. Primary data was collected by administrating questionnaire of 50 respondents. In the questionnaire all the questions were specifically framed as per the survey requirements and following are its details. Direct contact was made with the respondents through the random sampling and all the customers were those who had come to buy the VINYANA Technologies Private Limited. The study was conducted various part of the wakad area customers located in different part of the Wakad. The information was collected through Questionnaire. The questionnaire was administrated and collected on the spot.         

## **CONCLUSION**   
1) To conclude the project, I must mention the learning part of the project and the knowledge I gained from it.
2) The project is related to perception of consumer towards website development.
3) In the report I have worked on the requirement of consumer for a website for their company or firm. It was found that consumers required website to reach to their customers.
4) Today website plays a very important role in product promotion and increasing customer network. Thus, my role was to convince and make aware to the clients regarding importance of website where I found that clients were in need.
5) It was found that the requirement for website is more from Supply Chain in Management firms as majority of firms were not having any website and they felt the need of website.
6) The need of CRM is found to important to integrate and manage customer data.
7) every business customer importance is always on top priority. Here also while working with company employees and interaction with customers, I could get many layer knowledge of customer satisfaction and perception of customer even the gap between company and customer thinking.                  
